hi I'm Cristen Arnett the green makeup
expert for truth in aging and I'm here
to show you a brand new makeup line from
Livia Celeste they've been around awhile
as a skincare line offering some really
fantastic products with all natural
ingredients and they've taken those same
principles and translate it into a
fantastic makeup line it's the first
thing to notice is that they have a
cream foundation which is filled with
wonderful natural ingredients like
jojoba oil and as you get down about
halfway through the ingredient list
you'll start to see the makeup pigments
so anybody with a little bit of dry skin
or potentially skin that's highly
reactive this is going to be an amazing
makeup for because it's filled with such
wonderful nourishing ingredients they
also offer a concealer and what I love
about their light concealer is that it
has this beautiful kind of white
luminescence to it and a little bit of
pink which will really help to
counteract dark under-eye circles then
they also have a powder mineral
foundation and this is an awesome
addition to the line because you can use
it in conjunction with any of the other
products to really take away shine set
the makeup and create a beautiful finish
I do not recommend taking a powder
foundation and just covering the whole
face with it I really think that when
you have a line like this that has the
ability to add such a radiance to the
skin but it's actually ashamed to powder
the whole face and take away some of the
highlights that you want so only powder
where you really need to which would be
in the sort of areas near the nose right
at the tip of the nose
maybe the forehead this line in
particular I think has a great range of
colors mostly for light to medium medium
dark skin
the other thing that's great about the
line is because it is super hydrating
and beneficial to the skin you're gonna
find that if you have a tendency for dry
skin towards maybe the colder winter
months is gonna look really fantastic
because it's not going to exacerbate
both look of dry skin like a lot of
other makeup lines can do it's just
gonna leave you looking very fresh so
for somebody with a little bit of oily
skin or who lives in a really humid
climate you're definitely going to need
the powder to set the makeup and help it
last all day but overall it's a great
line I love the ingredients and it looks
fantastic I'm wearing it now and feels
great on the skin too